refactor: embed authorization and multi-tenancy tutorials (#1120)
logto-io/docs: docs/use-cases/multi-tenancy/build-multi-tenant-saas-application.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: Build a multi-tenant SaaS application

> description: Learn how to efficiently build a multi-tenant SaaS application with robust authentication, organization management, and role-based access control in just a few hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to efficiently build a multi-tenant SaaS application with robust authentication, organization management, and role-based access control in just a couple of minutes.
```

---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://blog.logto.io/build-multi-tenant-saas-application" />
</head>

<style>
  {`
    .twoColumn {
      display: grid;
      grid-template-columns: 1fr 1fr;
      gap: 24px;
    }
    .twoColumn + .twoColumn {
      margin-top: 24px;
    }
  `}
</style>

# Build a multi-tenant SaaS application: A complete guide from design to implementation

How are apps like Notion, Slack, or Figma built? These multi-tenant SaaS applications look simple to use, but building one yourself? That's a different story.

When I first thought about building such a complex beast, my mind exploded:

- Users need multiple sign-in options (email, Google, GitHub)
- Each user can create and belong to multiple organizations
- Different permission levels within each organization
- Enterprise organizations requiring auto-join for specific email domains
- MFA requirements for sensitive operations

> - ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- And more...
```
